feat: additional checks on pathways.txt and stops.txt (#967)
MobilityData/gtfs-validator: RULES.md

* [Field Types Description](http://gtfs.org/reference/static/#field-types)
* [Apache Commons UrlValidator](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-validator/apidocs/org/apache/commons/validator/routines/UrlValidator.html)

<a name="LocationTypeStationForStopOnPathwayNotice"/>

#### LocationTypeStationForStopOnPathwayNotice

> One of the two stops referenced by a row from `pathways.txt` has `location_type=1` (station).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A stop referenced by a row from `pathways.txt` has `location_type=1` (station).
```
